very good everyone is worth here is
infusing point zero again a
run with its crystals and will do
quite complicated the race because
according to the thumbnail has this lists of
ready the carrerita vale look like
having 321 let's go let's find out
here the race starts we are ten
people we do not know how much we are going to
finish is worth it because the truth that we're going
up is worth here they come behind
units already comes behind me eating me
triumph
ok they are already eating me slipstream like
you are watching over here
quiet calm happy calm god
of beautiful love
we are going well this goes well well fine
good good good good well good well
here we go that is perfect I go first
position for now is for now done not
is finished
the bar auction I think it's called the
Wind tunnel race and the tunnel of the
wind I think
or potential has to appear in
twitter
efe had to put it with an image in
twitter with piggy bank or liked quality
they tell me because he says he heard that
we are and weird weird words that
we made it worth around here now very first
it's very first with three laps it's not going
to put a spin because it was very little
but three laps it's pretty cool
worth up here cuidadín cuidadín
It goes up well well well well well
and now the looking this doubled challenge
stand upright right perfect perfect
we go in first position with a lot
advantage we bring you much advantage by
here perfect
I have some live latinas vice furis de
A level of English is lousy I know
that I especially have, I'm happy and I
like to entertain subscribers is
you have to have a good time, you have to
have a good time and be 100 every day
you have to try to be happy it's worth that
it's okay because the problems come alone and
if we are always with problems that
they say that if I have to, if I go
always happy to always be good
the cope is a godoy concept always to
top with conventional
this third looping and we will see why
the third one never worked out for me but I've
done this up
worth it worth friends worth stand upright
rector well well calm and quiet
that the last door is left and I think that
I'm going to take a few laps of advantage
last lap advantage to the last of
back someone comes to me I think
and quiet calm, get so serious
that after the action and the miniature
and then
give him quiet fury calm
quiet
my important super ethical story
impossible
it's pretty cool pretty good like having
the race lasted just 3 minutes 34
minutes and it's cool because the truth
that a wind tunnel left me '
having now come up here for the
looping and you have to enter here
after doing a nice plane and jumping
towards one of theft by the middle one
perfect
the truth that is quite complicated already
you know live favorite share it with
other friends
if you liked little hand up to see if
we arrived at my liza vale you already know in 2.0
it is very easy to get to a thousand like
because the truth that you can see more
behind this you really like to see
better the camera go fear
in the outlook in the pt's the pt game
numbness of fear and good since
you know little hand up putting me a
Comment on how the camera looks
that looks good
I can put the focus a little bit more here
it looks less clearly to one side
Well, we will be retouching you already know
can you follow me on twitter and the
description you will have the race and
you will have to play with me the crisis
ok greetings to everyone first
classified as you are seeing here the
first classified those three laps in
two minutes 46 seconds is quite
well do not tell me not to not tell me
that does not work and you already know that
play in play 3 and play 4 a greeting
goodbye